Now we need to retrieve all the data and pass that to the view or display here.
So think about what will be the model that will be required for this page without a required list of
all of the shopping cart.
But down the road, we could be adding more properties to this model, so it makes sense to create a
separate view model for this particular page.
That is why what they do is stop the application inside our models for the Labor to create a new model.
I recall this shopping cart view model.
With her make that a public clash and first property that we want is and innumerable off shopping cart,
we can call that list card.
That's one property right now, but we're going to be adding more properties in this view model down
the road.
So if you go to our card controller, we need to retrieve all of the shopping cart for that particular
user and also on the authorized user are able to access the shopping card so we can have the authorized
keyboard directly at the controller level.
Now, if for some reason down the road, you have some action method that needs to be accessed by an
unauthorized user.
Then you can apply this individual tag to all of the action method.
But if the whole controller is authorized, it is best to add authorized at the controller level.
That is also an attribute here, which is allow anonymous that will make sure that this action method
can be accessed by a user that are not authorized.
But we want authorization at the controller level, so I will add that at top.
Next, we need to retrieve the shopping cart.
So I been it unit of work using dependency injection, so I had a unit of work using statements here
inside constructor, so we would have kept the unit off work.
And was it underscored unit of work is equal to unit of work?
Next, we need property of a shopping cart to be a model that needs to be populated here.
So rather than creating that property directly inside the action motor, we should do that at the controller's
level.
So this will the shopping cart be a model?
And I call it the same shopping cart, a model inside index.
We first need to find out the ID of the logged in user so that we get inside home controller using claimed
we can copy those two lines based right here to first get the identity.
Leave it at the U.S. statement, and then we need to populate our shopping cart view model here, we
just have the list card, so it's a very tight unit of work, shopping cart and get all we want to get
all of the items for that particular user.
So basically, we want to add a condition here and based on that, we want to filter our records.
But if we go to work, I posit we're here and we examined the get out.
We only have to include properties if we examine what we have inside the first artifact.
We have the fatal condition.
So far, we did not face a situation where we had to filter the at all.
But now we have a new requirement with the shopping cart because we only want to get all the shopping
carts for a particular user.
So people have the same condition that we have in first our default.
To get out as well.
So I better copy and paste the feature function and filter our quality before we include the properties.
But they have to make the change in our policy interface where we have to act to function and perfect.
So with this, we have improved asset positivity once again.
Let me save all of this.
Go back to our card controller.
Now we've got all we can give a condition UCOS to application.
User I.D. is equal equal to claimed value, and when we retrieve this, it makes sense to populate the
navigation property of product because we want to display all the product details.
So inside Cat, ah, we also have enclosed properties with a colon.
We have a safe product.
And you know, that case is sensitive when it comes to include properties.
If you have any questions here, you can just go to us advised that we read, Do we have to include
properties here and try that on application?
Keep context right here.
We want to retrieve the shopping cart and the navigation property that we have as product.
So that is what you should use.
Let me comment it again.
Go back here and the shopping cart view model is loaded so that look, pass this shopping cart view
model to our view and then the next video.
Let's modify index for you.